Selenium-Cucumber-Java

This repository contains a collection of sample projects and libraries that demonstrate how to use selenium-cucumber-java, a BDD (Behavior-Driven Development) framework with Cucumber (v 7.0.0) and Java. The projects showcase automation script development and utilize various reporters such as Extent, HTML, and JSON. 

Installation & Prerequisites

JDK 1.8+ 
Maven 
Eclipse IDE
Required Eclipse Plugins:
Maven
Cucumber
Browser driver

Framework Setup
To set up the framework, you can either fork or clone the repository from here, or download the ZIP file and set it up in your local workspace.

Writing a test
The cucumber features goes in the features library and should have the ".feature" extension.

You can start out by looking at features/my_first.feature. You can extend this feature or make your own features using some of the predefined steps that comes with selenium-cucumber.

Predefined steps
By using predefined steps you can automate your test cases more quickly, more efficiently and without much coding.

BDD Automation with Cucumber-Java and Page Objects
In this repository, we encourage the use of Behavior-Driven Development (BDD) with Cucumber and Java to develop automation scripts. We provide predefined Step Definitions packaged under /stepDefinition/Commonsteps.java to help you accelerate your automation development. These Step Definitions support commonly used helper methods and can be customized according to your needs.

Reporters
Once you have run your tests, you can generate various types of reports. This selenium-cucumber-java framework utilizes different test reporters to communicate pass/failure information.

Reporting :
HTML Report
To generate an HTML report, use the following command: mvn test -Dcucumber.options="--plugin html:target/result.html". This command generates an HTML report, and you can find it at target/result.html.

JSON Report
To generate a JSON report, use the following command: mvn test -Dcucumber.options="--plugin json:target/result.json". This command generates a JSON report, and you can find it at target/result.json.

Extent Spark Reports
The framework utilizes the Spark Reports Framework to generate HTML test reports. Here is an example of a report generated by the Extent Reports open-source library:
